📖   Move all docs to the book (#1316)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure: docs/book/src/topics/cloud-provider-config.md

For AzureMachineTemplate and standalone AzureMachines, the generated secret will have the name "${RESOURCE}-azure-json", where "${RESOURCE}" is the name of either the AzureMachineTemplate or AzureMachine. The secret will have one data field, `azure.json`, with the raw content for that file. When the secret `${RESOURCE}-azure-json` already exists in the same namespace as an AzureCluster and does not have the label `"${CLUSTER_NAME}": "owned"`, CAPZ will not generate the default described above. Instead it will directly use whatever the user provides in that secret.

# External Cloud Provider

To deploy a cluster using [external cloud provider](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-azure), create a cluster configuration with the [external cloud provider template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure/master/templates/cluster-template-external-cloud-provider.yaml).

> After components are deployed, you should see following pods in `Running` state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deploying the cluster, you should eventually see a set of pods like the following in a `Running` state:
```

Reviewer: Not sure if we wanted any actual content changes here, so feel free to ignore this--I can submit a separate PR.

Author: applied as a separate commit
